Add kfp provider v2 docs (#887)
sky-uk/kfp-operator: docs-gen/content/docs/getting-started/installation.md

## Providers

Please refer to your chosen provider instructions before proceeding. Supported providers are:

> - [Kubeflow Pipelines](../../reference/providers/kfp/#deployment-and-usage)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Kubeflow Pipelines V2](../../reference/providers/kfp/#deployment-and-usage)
```

  name: kfp-operator-kfp-service-account
  namespace: kfp-namespace
```

> ## KubeFlow completion eventing required RBACs
> If using the `KubeFlowProvider` you will also need a `ClusterRole` for permission to interact with argo workflows for the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Kubeflow Pipelines completion eventing required RBACs
If using the `Kubeflow Pipelines` Provider you will also need a `ClusterRole` for permission to interact with argo workflows for the
```
